website/docs: update internal vs external user information (#16359)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/enterprise/manage-enterprise.mdx

Accounts that are disabled, as well as service accounts, are excluded from the license user count.
:::

#### Internal vs external users

> An **internal** user is typically a team member, such as a company employee, who has access to the full Enterprise feature set including the **My Applications** page and self-service functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **internal** user is typically a team member, such as a company employee, who is granted access to the full Enterprise feature set. This includes the ability to view and use the **My Applications** page, as well as make use of self-service functionality for managing their own access and settings.
```
